♪
CHARLES-HADEN SAVAGE:
What do we know? Bunny was killed
with a knitting needle
and a knife.
What did happen that night?
MABEL MORA:
It's all a blur.
- Memory can contain
both objective reality
and subjective perception.
- Everyone's just so obsessed
with my past.
My dad got me a jigsaw puzzle
when I was 4.
It was 1,000 pieces.
- My DNA came back.
Half was clearly Mom,
but the other half was Greek.
- I'm the only one who's been looking out
for your interest!
- I have no life anymore!
- Where is Detective Williams?
- She's on maternity leave in Denver.
- We're texting with the killer!
CHARLES: We tell him
we'll put the matchbook inside
a Stop and Shop bag in a trash can
outside Morningside Park.
OLIVER PUTNAM: Glitter!
[pop]
There's no getting rid of glitter.
- Fuck!
There goes our best chance
at clearing our names.
MAN: [on video]
Yo! Bloody Mabel sighting number two!
She just stabbed some dude!
♪
MABEL:
My dad loved puzzles.
Especially the ones
with lots of pieces
that could swallow up
an entire weekend.
After he'd moved out,
the two of us got into this routine.
Every Sunday,
we'd sit around in our pajamas
and do a puzzle together.
- How long do you think
it'll take us this time?
- A thousand years.
[laughs]
- Well, your mom comes
to get you at 3:00,
so we're gonna have
to do better than that.
- I'm kidding. This one's easy.
- Oh, yeah? Well, what if
we do it without the box?
No pictures to help us.
- Still easy.
MABEL'S FATHER: What if we do it
upside down then? Just the shapes.
You think you can do it?
[Mabel scoffs]
♪ mysterious music ♪
[fan whooshing]
[subway rumbling]
[footsteps]
[keys jingling]
[door unlocking]
[door creaks]
[grunts]
[groans]
- Of course, it's you!
No! Stay back, asshole!
[mouthing]
What? What are you saying?
[video playing]
[crowd screaming]
[screaming continues]
WOMAN: [on video]
She stabbed him! She fucking stabbed him!
MABEL:
Is that me?
Did I stab someone...
[screaming continues]
...again?
♪ lively theme song playing ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪
[soda can opens]
[door shuts]
OLIVER: Okay. Okay.
So, I-I checked out the Pickle Diner,
the subway stop,
the SoHo Forever 21 just to be sure.
She's nowhere.
- I called all the hospitals.
The only Mabel I found
was 99 and had just died.
I'm worried about her, Oliver.
She hasn't answered any of my calls
or my text communications.
- Nor mine. Which is extra concerning
'cause we're always texting.
The memes, Charles.
You should see the memes.
[knocking]
- Mabel.
[baby crying]
OLIVER: Oh great.
Now we have a baby to deal with.
- Oh, it's not a baby.
It's my trainee.
Junior Detective Keith. You know what?
Actually, y'all will get along,
considering all you do is piss
your pants every 10 minutes.
I need to talk to you. I got questions.
[Keith crying]
♪
- Can I get you anything?
- Nice accessory.
You steal jewelry from dead people,
and the state gives you an anklet.
Kind of poetic.
[slams mug]
Did I really stab someone?
You should be a trauma counselor,
Theo. Really.
I don't know ASL.
[sighs]
[pen clicks]
No. Nothing.
It's just gone.
You can only get a third
of what I'm saying?
It always seems like people
can lip read more in movies.
Okay, I have to go.
Do you know where my bag is?
My bag.
It had a matchbook
with a bloody fingerprint on it.
No, no! Theo,
th-that was our biggest clue!
I don't-- I don't know what you're saying!
It has to be here!
Theo, I still don't know ASL!
Why am I even here?
[sighs]
♪
[muffled rumbling]
[muffled banging]
[pen scribbling]
[muffled]
[muffled, distorted]
She stabbed him! She fucking stabbed him!
He took my bag? Why...
Was it Glitter Guy?
The person on the train.
Glitter Guy.
Did he have glitter on him?
Is that ASL for "glitter"?
That was kind of fun.
- Uh...
- Is this his?
I need to get to Coney Island now.
Not to stab him again.
Although, I'm leaving my options open.
He has the matchbook,
and if he works there,
they have to have
some kind of record or photos.
No, no, no. I'm not letting you help me.
You killed Zoe,
and you let Oscar
sit in jail for 10 years.
♪
[street chatter]
- So, what really happened
when Mabel went to get
some more champagne that night?
- Aren't you supposed to be in Denver?
- Were you aware of her violent past?
- Because we heard you were
in Denver on maternity leave.
- Goddammit, would y'all focus?
Yes.
I was on a trip, as of last night,
and I cut the shit short because there's
something that's been bothering me.
It's been keeping me up at night.
- Let me guess, it was your baby?
WILLIAMS: No!
It was you, dipshits!
I can't stop thinking
about this damn case,
and how you clearly know things
that you're not sharing.
CHARLES:
Hm?
WILLIAMS:
Oh, okay.
So it's gonna be like that?
Because if you don't clear
some stuff up for me,
I have no choice but to agree
with a way less fuckin' friendly
Detective Kreps.
Two stabbings with knitting needles?
Come on, guys.
That does not look good for your girl.
CHARLES: Hold on.
Those are two unrelated incidents.
Bunny was killed with a knife,
not a knitting needle,
or did Detective Kreps
conveniently forget that?
There is no knife here!
And you won't find one at Mabel's either.
And you can turn Oliver's place
upside down for all I care
because you'd be wasting your time!
Because Mabel didn't do it!
There you go.
- Excuse me. I need...
bathroom. I-I need to go to the bathroom.
[heavy breathing, snorts]
[door opens, shuts]
[baby cooing]
[muffled]:
Ah! Open!
[struggling] You... damned...
[groans]
Passageway! Oh!
- Yo, is he okay?
- You know-- [clears throat]
I'm sure it's nothing.
He has an unorthodox diet.
[nervous laugh]
So, you know what?
I'm just gonna go, uh,
check on him. [laughs]
[groans, gasps]
[Oliver grunts]
- Oh. Okay...
Okay.
- [whispers]:
Stop!
Are you doing
what I think you're doing?
- [whispers]:
Of course not!
What do you think I'm doing?
- You're sneaking into your apartment
to get rid of the bloody knife
you should have gotten rid of ages ago!
- Wrong.
It was only days ago.
You still have the murder weapon?
- Hey,
buddy, if you don't like
the way I do my felonies,
[muffled]
you're welcome to commit some yourself.
[sighs]
Okay. Okay. I'm sorry.
[sighs] I-I forgot.
- Forgot.
- I brought it with me to Jersey
because, well, Jersey seems
like the place you go
if you want to get rid of
incriminating evidence.
But then, I got distracted
by an even bigger emergency.
My son Will's production of Oz.
I mean, talk about a disaster.
But here's the good news.
- Finally.
- I saved the show.
It actually turned out pretty good.
Will is over the moon.
My boy. My probably boy.
Okay, when are those
damn DNA results coming?
Jesus...
- Refocus. Mabel.
- Okay, right, yes. Okay. You know,
Mabel did want us to give the knife
to the cops when we first found it.
CHARLES:
You want to give it to Williams?
OLIVER: Well, it doesn't have
Mabel's prints on it, right?
- Unless the killer
did put her prints on it,
hoping we'd give it to the cops.
We need to get rid of it.
- Unless the killer wants us
to get rid of it,
so that he can catch us in
the act of destroying evidence.
[knocking]
- Is everything okay in there?
CHARLES:
Oh, yes! Uh, sorry!
Uh, just a moment.
This turned out to be a two-man job.
[door creaks]
- So you have the knife.
- [innocently]:
Knife? [laughs] Knife...
No.
No knife.
- Stop it!
Do you understand
the definition of perjury?
- I know what perjury is.
I did a production of 12 Angry Men once.
But with women. 12 Angry Women.
One of the sisters
from Hamilton was in it.
This was years before Hamilton.
I know what perjury is.
[quietly]:
I don't.
♪
[seagulls cawing]
[gate squeaking, rattling]
- Any information on who that guy is.
Something to jog my memory.
Yes, it's gone.
Have you ever been to Coney Island?
What'd you do for fun as a kid?
Ah, yes. The adventures of
a teenage grave-robber. Got it.
[clicking]
That's a new way.
How many people work here?
Shit.
Shit, shit, shit, shit.
[knocking]
No,
I need more time with these.
I've got to find this guy.
No! I'm not gonna calm down!
Either the killer is in these files,
or I'm some unhinged psychopath
who goes into fugue states
and stabs people.
Either way, a girl likes to know
these things about herself.
I need a minute.
[door opens, shuts]
[seagulls cawing]
Thank you.
You were just trying to help.
I'm sorry.
[buzz, beep]
[click, machine whirring]
♪ amusement game music ♪
Okay. So,
you've never been to Coney Island,
but have you ever played
Whack-A-Mole?
♪ game dinging ♪
[whacking]
[rapid beeping]
Don't worry, I so get it.
♪ music restarts ♪
[whacking, music fade out]
YOUNG MABEL:
Dad, The X-Files are sick.
♪
[giggles]
[screeching]
[Mabel giggles]
- You know what? You shouldn't be watchi--
- No, no, wait!
This is so awesome.
- Your mother might actually
kill me for this.
[giggles]
I am sorry about today, though.
It's, uh, been a tough month.
This new schedule
they have me on is crazy.
- It's okay.
We can go to the dumb zoo any time.
- It is a good mystery, huh?
[giggles]
And a mystery is just a puzzle,
right, Mabel?
♪ carnival music ♪
[whirring]
- Okay. Six tries is not good.
[laughs]
That's called cheating.
[closes panel]
What'd you get?
[pop]
♪
[music swells]
You know, I can't walk past
the front gate without seeing her body.
I can't walk past Tim's door without...
seeing what he looked like on the floor.
♪
Now, apparently, I'm the kind of person
that could stab someone on the subway
and not even remember.
Which means...
I could also be the sort of person
to put a needle in the chest
of a defenseless old woman.
[echoing laughter]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Bunny groans]
[thud]
That's what's been scaring me.
It's something that I would do.
I just don't know if I did do it.
[sniffles]
Maybe it's better that way.
[buzzing]
[buzz, beep]
I'm gonna go to the bathroom,
and then let's go back to the city.
♪
- When you say "knife,"
what exactly do you mean?
- Alright, stop being dumbasses.
[Keith crying]
Ah, damn it.
[baby talk]
What's wrong, Keefers? You okay?
[crying]
Do you--
Uh, what about-- You want binky?
You want binky?
No? Uh... Oh!
Toy! You want a toy?
[rattling]
- D-do you need a hand?
- Nope. Got it.
- My son Will used to get a tummy ache...
after feeding.
You know, gas bubbles.
[crying continues]
Are you familiar with A Chorus Line?
- Excuse me?
[rattling]
- Here, let me just... Trust me on this.
Okay, we put this down. This is the stage.
And here, give him to me.
- What?
- J-just trust me. Trust me.
[sighs]
I know what I'm doing.
[baby talk]:
Oh no!
Oh, no. Oh, no, look at this.
[crying]
♪ Bum bum bum ♪
♪ One ♪
[imitates drum]
♪ Singular sensation ♪
♪ Every little step he takes ♪
♪ Da da da da da da da da ♪
♪ One smile ♪
♪ And suddenly, nobody else ♪
♪ Will do ♪
[Keith passes gas]
Oh.
[Keith cooing]
Oh, eureka!
[laughing]
And Joy is your new middle name!
Now, that made him happy.
[baby talk]
Oh, yes, yes, yes.
There we go. Look at that.
And we fold up the stage.
Ah!
- I'm never gonna do that.
You have zero dignity.
My baby has zero dignity.
That's not happening.
- Oh, you're going to try this.
I promise.
You'll do anything if you think
it will help your kid.
- Having barely been a parent,
I can say that is true.
WILLIAMS:
Oh...
Which is where you are with your girl.
Guys, just so you know,
I am not trying to put her away.
Okay? So, if she's innocent,
you should help me out.
I just wanna solve this case.
[whispering]
- Yeah. Okay.
- We need to go to the bathroom.
[water running]
♪
[knocking]
- Dad?
- Mabel.
You're not supposed to be here today.
- But look what
I got us for trick-or-treat.
- Mija, I told you.
We're not going trick-or-treating.
If you want to do a puzzle,
I got this new one--
- I don't wanna do another stupid puzzle!
You promised we'd go as Mulder and Scully!
All you do anymore
is break your promises.
- I know I do.
I wish I could keep them.
Especially for you.
♪
[water dripping]
[baby fussing]
- This is so crazy!
Look what we just found...
- ...behind the toilet.
- In the ceiling.
- Behind the toilet.
- Okay, I love cringe comedy,
but this is painful to watch.
The knife.
- Oh, is it?
WILLIAMS: I get it.
You don't know where this came from.
I got you.
- Whatever it is, you'll find it doesn't
have Mabel's prints on it.
- We hope.
OLIVER: My prints are on the knife,
but that's just because it belongs to me
and it was stolen from my apartment
because we're being framed.
You must see that
kind of thing all the time.
- The prints of my teenage
somewhat-stepdaughter Lucy
are on it, too,
although she is uninvolved.
- Okay. Okay.
Got it. And thank you.
Seriously, thank you.
I'll let you know what I find.
[belting]
♪ Do... I... ♪
♪ Really have to mention ♪
♪ He's... ♪
♪ The... ♪
♪ One! ♪
Like I don't fucking know Chorus Line.
[laughing]
[door opens]
- That's hilarious.
[door shuts]
[water running]
[water stops]
[draining]
♪
[gurgling]
[door opens, shuts]
[pulls off bandage]
[bangs locker]
[bang]
[opens locker]
[slams locker]
[bang]
[man grunts]
♪
- Theo!
Oh! Come on!
We have to go. Get to the car, okay?
[car rumbling]
[distant siren]
[sighs] Ew...
Oh, thank God!
Wait. Where's the matchbook?
Damn it! He has the matchbook!
[sighs]
[sighs] Well, that seems about right.
They're at the diner.
Oh my god.
We need--
We need to get back. Right now.
[ringing]
[ringing, hangs up]
[sighs]
♪
My dad died when I was 7.
They didn't tell me
what was really happening.
They wanted to protect me.
[EKG beeping]
[respirator hissing]
Dad?
He said...
he had to move out for work.
Six months later, he was dead.
Stomach cancer.
I knew something wasn't right,
but I was happy to play along.
[beeping, hissing]
I didn't know how to cope
with him dying, so I didn't.
Instead, I flipped the pieces
over in my mind
until I couldn't see
the image anymore.
Just like he'd shown me.
♪
That was when I lost
my first memory.
And it's happened since.
♪ dramatic music ♪
If something was too much
or too difficult.
When I was afraid to see
what really happened
or what I had possibly done.
But, I have to flip the pieces now.
All of them.
Otherwise,
I'll never see the full picture.
[beeping, hissing]
♪
[door opens]
[muffled laughter]
[door shuts]
[footsteps]
[door creaks]
[door shuts]
[gasps]
Oh!
Bunny...
No, no, no, no, no...
[thudding]
It's not my fault.
I didn't stab her.
♪
[street noise, chatter]
[inaudible]
[sighs]
[undoes seatbelt]
Well, thank you.
[laughs] Was that right?
I was wrong about you.
And I don't know everything
that's going on with you,
but pushing things away?
It's never really worked for me.
[opens car door]
[shuts car door]
♪ soft music playing ♪
Hey!
- Oh my god.
Oh!
[audio muffled]
[muffled audio continues]
[muffled ringing]
[muffled answer]
[muffled response]
- Thank you.
So, Charles...
This isn't good, what I'm about to say,
okay?
When I found that Glitter Guy,
he had this on him.
[ringing]
- Jesus.
Come on, Lucy, answer.
[ringing]
- Hey. Where are you?
- Lucy! Where are you?
- I'm at your place.
- Listen, you need--
- I came to see y--
[clang, power whirring down]
- Lucy? Lucy!
[dropped call beeping]
- Maybe the call dropped.
- Oh, I know this.
♪
[distant siren]
We've got a blackout, people.
♪
[siren fades out]